README.md, before:

PRINTABLES!
===========

I don't always create solid models, but when I do, I put them here.


Background
----------

I took a few graphic design classes in college and cut my teeth on AutoCAD and SolidWorks.  This was the 
early 2000's so the software has evolved a great deal and my knowledge of both how to use the software 
and principles behind them continue to erode.  However, as I've recently tried to create some parts of 
interest I am pleasantly surprised at how much I seem to remember from "the good ole' days".


First Project - Samsung Monitor Adapter
---------------------------------------

I wanted to mount my Samsung 24" monitor on the wall using a 75mm VESA mount, but the S24B350 does not 
have a mounting pattern on the body of any kind.  This is a great monitor but if I had been smart enough 
to check for this feature before purchasing I would have passed.  I found a steel adapter from a 3rd party 
vendor that appears to be great, but I thought this would be a great opportunity to play around with 
solid modeling again and finally have something worth of sending to a 3D printer!

I haven't yet printed the object yet, but I hope to be able to print using ABS plastic.  The first revision 
appears to be thick enough to hold, but I'm totally guessing on that front.  Hopefully I can either trim 
down the actual material or print using a honeycomb fill patern to reduce fillament usage (or both) in a 
future revision.

Commit message:

Progress update
Added preview of the rendering and a short description of how the first print of the monitor adapter went.

README.md, after:

PRINTABLES!
===========

I don't always create solid models, but when I do, I put them here.


Background
----------

I took a few graphic design classes in college and cut my teeth on AutoCAD and SolidWorks.  This was the 
early 2000's so the software has evolved a great deal and my knowledge of both how to use the software 
and principles behind them continue to erode.  However, as I've recently tried to create some parts of 
interest I am pleasantly surprised at how much I seem to remember from "the good ole' days".


First Project - Samsung Monitor Adapter
---------------------------------------
![Rendering](https://github.com/jwmickey/printables/blob/master/samsung-vesa-adapter/monitor-mount.jpg)

I wanted to mount my Samsung 24" monitor on the wall using a 75mm VESA mount, but the S24B350 does not 
have a mounting pattern on the body of any kind.  This is a great monitor but if I had been smart enough 
to check for this feature before purchasing I would have passed.  I found a steel adapter from a 3rd party 
vendor that appears to be great, but I thought this would be a great opportunity to play around with 
solid modeling again and finally have something worth of sending to a 3D printer!

After my first attempt at printing the part, I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised that it worked as well it did on the first try.  I did make a goof and totally miss that the neck of the original part has a very slight taper - only about 1 millimeter smaller at the top - which caused my version to be too big.  It also didn't help that my measurements were a little off, but the taper was the biggest problem.  I shaved down the excess material with a Dremel to get it to fit in the monitor mounting cavity.  It holds up well but I need to trim down the part a little more to get the monitor to fit all the way down on the neck.  I have since purchased a nicer set of digital calipers and now that I'm aware of the taper, hopefully version two will be a better (and final) fit.  

*WARNING* - If you happen to stumble upon this page, DO NOT print this part and expect it to work without some modifications.  I hope to have an update in the next few weeks.
